so for two weeks out of every school
year from K to 12 we were flushed to
square dance
two year to 12 years forces whereas I
took four years of college level Spanish
you know what I retained Taco Bell
Grande yet you take me to any country
western red neck sawdust covered floor
No
the one thing menu around the world just
do it
air guitar here song like we break out
the old air guitar for guys we never met
that is another near man we have no idea
why that happens you're gonna I wait
expansion you know the line just backed
up there's no accident because this guy
right here
you
I think you can tell what I think of the
smoking ban I'll have you know this but
your proceeds tonight are gonna go to
pay for the fine for me lighten this up
here tonight that fucking wicked it's an
electronic cigar that's your totally
legal way of smoking nowadays if this
thing vibrated I'd got damn Marian I'll
tell you right now I've always talked
dirty I can't help it I talk like a guy
I think like a guy I actually I
sometimes I think I should have been
born a man oh okay um yeah I feel like
holy shit she's having a breakthrough I
don't mean like there's a man trapped in
my body although there was was but I
don't want to talk about that it was
like a muscle spasm or something I could
not get that guy out ever get
we had to call 9-1-1 and i don't think
we needed five fire trucks that was a
bit much I tell you what those jaws of
life sweet